[Music]
ah I
promise I'm
going to try to be as
[Music]
objective as possible okay and also we're going to
talk about a salsa singer
who has passed between two people who
are not my favorite streamer okay
what things you missed I forgot to comment how
good that they met on twitter
oh okay this year because he already interviewed them
look with the bad vibes they have damn I would have been
cutting the move
look it is said chiquis the phrase that
he says to es el campo has criticized
pino
let's see it
big deal it's el campo towards pino and césar
blue because it's the bed if here a
diamond were not more we distance ourselves
about pino and health due to the
suspicion that they were the ones who
put
god watch the video tomorrow does
not focus well nothing miss it I ca
n't show it
you're going to freak out with the video tomorrow
they gave a pretty low grade during
disaster che is for what is it not the blues
due to the suspicion that they were the ones who
gave a pretty low grade
during disaster check so that they did not
see the program air had good
ratings  during a round and
suddenly a table decided to give a bad
rating two tables gave it a 10
and one back air with a 2 which is a
pretty strange contrast but well
these suspicions come from this
moment in which the writing icuap and not
because of the previous edition in which
the Italian participated this one who is the one who
makes the joke is about the
pizzas not like he gives them a bad grade and so on
I don't really know who that guy is and
the way he addresses him
is not very friendly well I think that it's like he didn't like us
because we were going to have a
good time I understand we were joking around and all that and
like he doesn't like
us or something like that is not the
feeling I got like he didn't like us I
also tell you lower your voice a couple of
cracks you have a pizzeria
gentlemen you are not chef France there okay
you have a [ __ ] pizzeria like if I go down
here and I go to the point what goes and
the payment does he think he's a chef kid that
you have a pizzeria relax a little
okay
what does it mean that I stayed in a pizzeria
for you to understand cooking, I
mean, yes, he is a chef, don't
go out if he has a pizzeria if he is a chef,
not literally the one who comes from my
neighborhood, well a chef, I don't
ask family, I am not an expert in the
subject
but you can be a chef,
imagine that you have a bar that
only serves whiskey
and the only one who knows you in your block, are you a
chef, no, he is not
a chef, let's see, but let's look for
the definition of chef, let's look for the definition of chef,
I
understand that it is the head chef,
definition of chef, head chef of a
restaurant or other establishment where
meals are served, of course, 2 a chef,
sorry, chef,
and he can have many years of
experience, really, really
[ __ ] likely, really [ __ ] approved, we
can watch the videos and also, well, he
has many years of
experience and it could be a sign, we are
looking at the places, don't do
stupid things to me, I have to learn how to handle myself,
so new,
what they should download is a couple of stupid
angels, Felipe,
we are well, they
seem like two buffoons, a god, him and
him, Felipe, Felipe is the greatest story, god,
three peat toxic total 25 total
supposed  5 uncle felipe de los huevos
insults and attacks come on and says what nonsense I do
n't see
you look like a vegetator 77 with this time with
that camera below hey for listening to me I'll
tell you something I'll
tell you something I like him I like him I like him I
like this
shot also
casilla de abajo it
's also the field outside of his
live shows he's very quiet and such then he
sits down with his favor and they swallow everything
good point
good point good point it doesn't seem like it's from
the radio with that angle I think it's
wonderful this angle already has its
touch it
has its touch that angle
what happens is that I don't know why there's so much
difference between the clarity here with
this one even I see it's too
dark man after seeing the other one
I can turn up the spotlights the spotlights the posts
upload here look here I have on the
computer the issue of the spotlights
with malú
but I see that with so much light cat god
then how will you see it and the light
bothers a little and everything that I tell you
in a fascist angle to exalt his
figure he is a little the light like that hello
javi you have entertained me for many moments
if I may ask I met you by  the
vigilante that was of that character
and absolutely I
tell you the truth I tell you the
truth the idea I
tell you completely the truth
and I keep seeing it that it is not dark it
sticks to you the other I love you I love you pro
and it is still not very clear it is
not the spotlights you will have to adjust the
white balance of the camera again
because it is very dark
well I am going to lower the motives put on the
glasses those parts in fact yes yes it is very dark it is
dark hey thank you very much
for the super chat and I have no idea I do not know the I do
not know what happened with that
man and that man well look I do not know what
happened but I tell you what would be
happening from today that surely he
would be charging he would be charging in
fortune on YouTube at the level of Juanjo or
something like that because he made the same type
of content and he was also one of the
few creators who made that content
at that time in fact I think he
was not even handsome at that time and I
quoted below they did not know him and his and today he
would be charging a fortune
and he spoke very well sometimes and such
but he became very poisoned obsessed
with me a lot I have lost everything because of the
obsession  with me I don't know what I
do to people really
people go around criticizing everyone
giving them what I give to one
it seems that I also give them the sore tivo
that becomes anyway you Diego
Arrabal what he did to me the other day
for a video that I made exposing
things that he did to the one he did wrong
what a very serious [ __ ] up very big the
episode grabbed
the license plate of my car from the public on
all his social networks I
what the [ __ ] are you doing
and look you are the one who mentioned he
lost the channels for
working on YouTube he can't have
channels on YouTube I don't know if it's another
expiration date
but he tried to create more other channels
and since they banned him from
YouTube they
closed the channels of the things that I
dedicate myself to him gave
channels dedicated to me in fact he
ran there came a time when he
created a separate channel just to
answer me because he didn't want to fill
his video channel in the sector it's tremendous I do
n't know if there are any videos of that out
there or what  whatever but that fact was already
tremendous
second I watch a lot of
gastronomy videos of people from Italy and part
in the [ __ ] pasta and nobody gives
a [ __ ] I understand the meme of the
Italians and all but that it's
absolutely nothing to split the pasta
like that I say everything I told Felipe I say I
think we fell badly because
we make jokes like it's the take
or super bad like he doesn't
like jokes or something like that I don't know that
's the feeling I got again I don't
know him but he's not the [ __ ]
chef sanse and gosh I don't know relax
no and the thing about the pizza and the balance of splitting
the pasta I'm telling you it's done let's
go I mean you can watch a lot
of videos of Italian people who split the
[ __ ] pasta and nothing happens but if it's
like his character is not his character he's like
rude or something like that but like
us not his
character is like rude as if
his was that nice one and we're
joking and that's it it doesn't matter since I
think we had to lose also we have to
say we did quite badly but oh
well  I clarified that if not because the
aluminum terrier without any more weapons I can't stand them, I
hate them, it doesn't matter if I say it
publicly, they can't even
send me, they can't rob me anymore. No, I can't
stand them, I hate both the Italian and
the other one, I just can't stand him every day I hate him
and I had to share the taxi
with him back to the hotel and I
kicked him out of the taxi, he's insufferable
white,
I don't like him very much either, I've already
crossed them out, I don't like
what they did to him anymore,
if I'm serious, no, I haven't seen any of
them,
apart from what I've told you,
apart from what I've told you, I haven't
seen any more of them, the
Jewish pizzas, the trico recontra and so on, but
with the rest and I've crossed them
both out
and I don't know the girl, in a more
gracious way, the truth is, I really like her things,
I play a lot of a song that she has in
it, I uploaded just now with a singer, I don't know what it
is, like, very catchy and I
play it a lot in the car but I don't
know her anymore  that four things but
I have felt superman what the cachama
yes
and I have made the cross to the two they go
similar
2 whole luís they have
seemed to me 2 luís in derá
lamentable
either that it seems nice with games
and channels but because when it has to
share like that well
I would not share tadashi with anyone
if I do not like them
sorry I porta and I go somewhere else
and has shared with her I
try to be funny and I am not funny
even if someone shoots me with a gun
but webb I
am nice and I share the taxi I arrive
at the hotel good night see you later
but that nothing happens many people it is
totally understandable
the one who has said there I do not talk about you I talk about the
other I
cannot stand it I do not
talk about the other well to many people it is
totally understandable I do not say that
I have here the one
that
governed and thank you very much king
six months coffee
brutal brutal his hanger that he has given and
a croft brutal his hanger I
think he has given all his hanger together
of
all the time of gifts in or a
little I
think that the pile yes it is like very annoying
that I am going to  buy me a power supply for the
keyboard things I have a genius, let's say
a keyboard the most basic in the world,
not that I care much but man
since we're at it I should buy a
new keyboard some new speakers
and some new headphones
but when I understand that people
say I can't stand you I've learned a
lot
but I don't know how I was really tired and
today I felt like it I was in the taxi there
trying to sleep he wouldn't stop talking
and it
's a little weird that they have two days and
then they put you in two but it could also be
that the protocol is the same for the string let's
be right the truth is I have no
right although what you touch in people
is that the truths in life are what
hurts the most by far the video in which he
made you masked I laughed a lot
by the way the best thing about Alex the capo is
that he doesn't hold back even half
I like it I like that point then the
truth is I never agree with him I don't like him he
is from the field but if he is and
says what he thinks then I really
like that point
thank you very much and a very big
thank you what a piece of your hanger queen
has made our night huge kiss
a huge kiss  Thank you very much, let's see
if he says things the way he thinks, it
seems fine to me, okay, I understand that he's not
going to put himself there in the 60 contest,
right there in the [ __ ] face, okay, I
understand that luck comes, it
seems fine to me,
okay
[Music]